hey Dewey huh you should get a facebook
I want you to like my eat healthy page I
need more likes now I don't want a
facebook facebook that book they spoke
buck face never mind then just kidding
I'm still making you a facebook now and
sign up wait and add me as a friend cool
you can make friends on here well yeah I
mean no you just add your real life
friends as your friends on Facebook so
you can see what they're doing awesome I
always wanted friends besides you doing
what are you oh hey uh rise and shine
Dewey Dewey oh there you what are you
doing ah Facebook more friends five
million request sent oh hey Bob do we
what are you doing ah Dewey five million
front close you know me suppose
different people you know and our
friends with in real life now that night
and friend request sent well that's
everyone on facebook I have more friends
than Bob does now haha it's getting late
I forgot to get the mail what the we are
here to show what spammers like you get
for ending my whole family yeah we all
got requests from some cake freak wait I
can explain uh
rise and shine Dewey out hi Bob some
people I friendly came here and through
stuff at me I am friended everyone but
you you are my only real friend Oh Dewey
don't friend everyone on Facebook ever
again okay okay and make sure to like my
Facebook page ah like this video and
subscribe to Bob Duff potato